So that's it for this tiny application,
quite some code which we wrote, also of course verbose code because I wanted to practice what we learned
in this module, show you different alternatives of doing certain things as we will through this course,
there certainly are some things we can solve in a more elegant way but that's certainly not to mean
that what you learned here is not something you would use. Indeed, what you learned here is the bread
and butter of working with Javascript, being able to select elements in different ways, being able to
traverse the DOM, select child elements, change styles, assign classes, remove and add elements, swap elements,
these are all things which you will need in almost any real Javascript application you're going to build.
So this here is super important and shows you many ways of adding elements, of working with elements
in the DOM.
Now throughout this entire module, you learned about many ways of selecting elements, of deleting and
adding them, of manipulating them,
you learned about different types of nodes, you learned about the difference of attributes and properties
and many more important things.
Now I would definitely encourage you that you practice these things, that you simply play around with
the different techniques,
create a simple HTML file and start selecting elements in different ways,
start manipulating them. Dive into MDN to find out what you can do with the HTML elements you
got, what you can do with a button, what you can do with a div and get a feeling for how you work with
the DOM.
We'll also dive into that again later to dive deeper into more advanced concepts,
for example where we dive into how to find out which size an element has and to move it around
but we already covered all the crucial fundamentals which you need to work with elements and manipulate
a page whilst it's running in the browser.